Add 2201.4.1 release note (#6516)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: 2201.4.1 (Swan Lake) 
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-4-1/
active: 2201-4-1
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-4-1
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.4.1/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-4-1-swan-lake/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-4-1-swan-lake
---

## Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.4.1

> <em>Swan Lake 2201.4.1 is the first patch release of Ballerina 2201.4.0 (Swan Lake Update 4) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language and tooling.</em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.4.1 is the first patch release of Ballerina 2201.4.0 (Swan Lake Update 4) and it includes a new set of improvements to the language and standard library.</em>
```

## Update Ballerina

**If you are already using Ballerina 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)**, run either of the commands below to directly update to 2201.4.1 using the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/cli-documentation/update-tool/).

`bal dist update` (or `bal dist pull 2201.4.1`)

**If you are using a version below 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)**, run the commands below to update to 2201.4.1.

1. Run `bal update` to get the latest version of the Update Tool.

2. Run `bal dist update` ( or `bal dist pull 2201.4.1`) to update your Ballerina version to 2201.3.4.

However, if you are using a version below 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) and if you already ran `bal dist update` (or `bal dist pull 2201.4.1`) before `bal update`, see [Troubleshooting](/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.0.0#troubleshooting) to recover your installation.

## Install Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then, download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language updates

### Bug fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.4.1 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2201.4.1+is%3Aclosed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.4.1 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2201.4.1+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug).
```
